README.md, before:

Redsys Virtual POS
==================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/nkm/redsys-virtual-pos.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/nkm/redsys-virtual-pos)

**Redsys Virtual POS** is an *unofficial* standalone PHP library to handle payments through the spanish payment service Redsys.

> **NOTE:** This library is still under development and not suited to be used in production yet. Consider yourself warned!

Prerequisites
-------------

- PHP 5.4 or above

Installation
------------

You can install nkm/redsys-virtual-pos through Composer:

```shell
$ composer require nkm/redsys-virtual-pos:@stable
```

Sample
------

TBF

Usage
-----

TBF

Test
-----

TBF

Authors
-------

### Version 0.1.0 (20 October 2014)

Initial (stealth) release


Authors
-------

- [Javier Zapata](http://javi.io) ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/jzf82))

License
-------

The BSD 3-Clause License

Copyright (c) 2014, Javier Zapata
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Commit message:

Rename the response fields to match Redsys's ones

README.md, after:

Redsys Virtual POS
==================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/nkm/redsys-virtual-pos.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/nkm/redsys-virtual-pos)

**Redsys Virtual POS** is an *unofficial* standalone PHP library to handle payments through the spanish payment service Redsys.

> **NOTE:** This library is still under development and not suited to be used in production yet. Consider yourself warned!

Prerequisites
-------------

- PHP 5.4 or above

Installation
------------

You can install nkm/redsys-virtual-pos through Composer:

```shell
$ composer require nkm/redsys-virtual-pos:@stable
```

Sample
------

TBF

Usage
-----

TBF

Test
-----

TBF

Authors
-------

### Version 0.1.2 (21 October 2014)

Rename the response fields to match Redsys's Online Response ones

### Version 0.1.0 (20 October 2014)

Initial (stealth) release


Authors
-------

- [Javier Zapata](http://javi.io) ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/jzf82))

License
-------

The BSD 3-Clause License

Copyright (c) 2014, Javier Zapata
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
